Group
This week, we dedicated ourselves to becoming acquainted with GitHub and reviewing the robot specifications on iLearn. Additionally, we engaged in discussions regarding potential roles for the project and the organization. Furthermore, the completion of team training was a topic of consideration. We also completed our lab safety training.

Evan 
I have worked on organizing the team, creating the team contract and completing my individual task of safety training. I have also spend time on doing some light preliminary research about our project and familiarizing myself with the specifications. Requested team access for the lab.

Connor
This week, I reviewed project specifications, conducted a brief research on the necessary resources to complete the project, and completed laboratory safety training. I plan to do more research on the robot.

Kamden
Currently, I am engaged in organizing GitHub and reviewing robot specifications. Additionally, I have submitted a team training request. Furthermore, I intend to conduct research on the robot.

Wayne
I read and researched topics covered in the project specifications. I also completed all of the required safety training programs. In the coming week I will continue to do more research on the project for the project proposal.

Cooper
I conducted research on video content for the project. Additionally, I completed the lab safety training program. I have also reviewed the specifications of the robot. I plan on doing more research on the robot.


Attendance - All 5 in attendance
